# InspectionOntology
Organizations should focus on effective knowledge management to improve their competitiveness.  The number of applications being developed that require access to knowledge about the real world has increased rapidly over the past two decades. Domain ontologies, which formalize the terms being used in a different discipline, have become essential for research in areas such as Machine Learning, the Internet of Things, Robotics, and Natural Language Processing, because they enable separate systems to exchange information.
Inspection is a critical process for the control and reduction of accidents in mining. The inspection process describes the updated status of a mining facility through the findings and their causes during the mine inspection. These findings capture valuable information that indicates their nature, the possible causes behind such findings, and the corrective actions taken to repair them. This type of knowledge, provides a critical view of mining facilities and their correction under different operating conditions and the main causes associated with the findings. This knowledge provides useful information to mining companies to decrease accidents and ensure the prevention of similar accidents in the future. One of the biggest challenges in registering knowledge during the mining inspection process is the design of a formal model for its representation, which in turn can contain important data to support decision-making in the event of a possible accident. 
One of the biggest challenges in processing knowledge is the design of a formal model for its representation. Because traditional information systems are inadequate for this purpose, it is necessary to employ alternative approaches such as those based on ontologies. 
Ontologies are built to store and process knowledge about objects and dependencies between them. The concepts, relations and restrictions in the ontology help to provide elements that support decision making for the prevention of mining accidents. Therefore, ontology represents the knowledge base in the area of mining inspection.
This work presents an ontology in the mining inspection, a domain ontology that defines the semantics, i.e., meaning of the key entities and represents the knowledge about mining inspection in a machine friendly way. The Inspection Ontology describes the concept, relations and rules carried out to verify the safety conditions in the mines. As a study case, we using knowledge provided by Sernageomin, the government company in charge of mining accident control in Chile.

